Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
It all began so nice.
A bunch of friends
at a cabin in the mountains.
Lots of alcohol. laughter.
We had fun.
And then a fucking
squad of Nazi zombies woke up.
I know.
It sounds like a cliché.  -
- but that's what happened.
You see. we found something.
Something we shouldn't have.
Old Nazi gold.
And so
- all hell broke loose.
they killed us. One -
- by one.
One of them bit me.
But I knew
how I could fix it.
my girlfriend Hanna
They took her and.
I found the gold.
Gave it back.
And they let me go.
I thought I was safe.
I was wrong.
Take the damn coin
and go to hell where you came from!
Shit. shit. shit
Okay. Okay
I knew we should not
have touched the casket.
Stay awake now.
Stay awake.
That's a good question. Toralf.
Of all migratory birds -
- it's the little critter
that really stands out.
Namely. arctic terns.
or Sterna paradisaea.
coastal bound.
surface-feeding seabirds.
group havterner
Havternen maneuver gracefully
in the air like a...
Troops. Sieg Heil!
Talvik FISH
Yes?
What have we here?
Martin. can you hear me?
Hello. Martin.
Welcome back.
Martin. you crashed your car.
A nasty crash.
You are lucky to be alive.
It's more than one can say
about your friends.
Have you seen
Have you seen the creatures?
The things
Have the police caught them?
Or the army?
Roy and Erlend?
- Hanna?
- We found your friends. All of them.
Dead.
Hanna was your girlfriend. right?
Very beautiful.
We found her too.
With an axe driven into the neck.
And your fingerprints on the shaft.
Do you have any idea
how that could happen?
They came up from
From the snow. Creatures. Nazi.
We stuck. but
Nazis coming out of the ground?
Absurd.
Does he have brain damage?
Please call the family and say he is awake.
Ask the Attorney to send a car.
And four additional men. You are
ready to be transported.
They are still out there. They will kill
again if we don't stop them.
We should not stop anyone.
I've seen what you've done.
- You'll go right to jail.
- No one knows what happened there.
Only you know that.
And it's not just bad news.
When we found you. you were badly injured.
Your right arm was torn off.
- It was not torn
- When we found you. it was cold.
The snow had frozen it.
and it was still good.
- And then we found the arm in the car.
- In the car?
It was slightly bruised and quite pale.
a bit strange. though. -
- But the operation was a success.
We managed to attach your arm again.
No. no. no
- It's not my arm.
- Relax.
It is Satan's arm!
Calm down.
No. it's not me!
No!
It's not me!
What the hell?
Stop!
Randi?
You need to remove the denture later.
Tonight I'm ready for a little hue.
From him. that got away.
NAMELESS GERMAN SOLDIERS
WHO FELL IN WAR
Bakken.
Warm.
The men have rotted.
We need more people.
You scared me. Nils.
No more nonsense.
I've had a long damn day.
A wedding. a funeral
and confirmation.
She's one damn fine confirmant.
If only I had been ten years younger -
- And not a priest. of course
Nils?
Come on!
Sieg
Heil.
Sieg Heil. Sieg Heil. Sieg Heil
They came down from the mountain.
I saw them.
Hello! Hello!
They're coming!
They're going to kill everyone!
That's not what it looks like.
Stop!
Hello?
They are professionals.
They are bad ass.
I poured coffee.
- It's cold.
- Because you're 40 minutes late.
It's winter. I'm on DST time -
- Is completely idiotic.
What do you have?
Not much. The boy at Petra
has shoplift again.
He should have done that in Iran.
Off with his hands. Then he would learn.
And Ove's dog pooed
in Olsen's garden.
- Shoot him
- Olsen?
Not Olsen. Shoot the dog!
So we have school lectures
about the harmful use of marijuana.
Lame!
There was one thing. then.
From Aksfjord.
Aksfjord?
It is not our district.
Martin Hykkerud
escaped from the hospital yesterday.
Martin Hykkerud? He killed
his friends on top of the mountain?
Yes. He escaped yesterday and killed
a little boy and a policeman -
- By fling a Mercedes star
into his face.
- A Mercedes star?
- Yes.
- What case?
- About Mercedes star?
About Hykkerud case!
We need additional people. and send a team up.
Send a team up?
Extra people?
How the hell do I get money for
additional people?
I do not even have money
for new car batteries.
Okay. Right.
What?
Did we not agree
on a casual work place?
Continue.
Too much coffee. Just go ahead.
Best if you keep going.
This is a war museum. huh?
Yes.
Yes. and
Do you have any information
about the Germans?
Help!
Listen to me!
I don't have time for this.
They will come. and we must stop them!
- I have two kittens at home!
- Shut up!
Just help me.
Please.
- Do you have information about Einsatz?
- Yes.
- Second floor.
Where the hell are you?
- What are you looking for?
- Herzog.
Buddy's with Hitler.
- Nice. huh?
- Do not touch the exhibit.
Scharnholst.
Was he...
He was on his way?
He was on his way to Talvik the evening
they were slaughtered in Aksfjord?
Thanks to Hitler.
A mission that was never performed.
That's it. That's exactly it.
They will destroy Talvik.
Where
Herzog was going from Aksfjord -
- Which is here.
And he was going to Talvik.
It's here.
Where are we now?
Where are we now?!
Here.
Isnestoften.
It's in between.
They're recruiting!
They can make new soldiers.
Can they do it now? Fuck!
Okay. they're coming.
They're coming here.
I will not die in a museum
with a guy in a green jogging suit.
Calm down.
You will die.
But relax.
Not today.
There!
Let's see what this thing can do.
What kind of things?
What did you do?
You killed them only with...
...This arm. man.
Before I couldn't control it.
but now it does what I think.
You're not even sweating.
Don't worry about it.
They getting bigger.
Much larger.
There are too many
against one arm.
So much death.
All this unnecessary death.
Fuck!
What the fuck.
You just...
- You
- No. it was the arm. It was the arm.
He doesn't attack
See. a tank.
- Visitors now?
- It's early.
Hello?
What in the deepest hell
happened here?
What are the engineers doing?
They're not engineers.
Only Tom and Ole are in white coats.
They thought it's a little more professional.
NCIS should be here tonight.
- Do we have any witnesses?
- Sure. if you get the seagulls to chat.
Gulls. yes.
That's a damn good invention.
A gadget that translates
seagull language to human language.
The one that figures that out
will be fucking rich.
Get the bodies
before the gulls eat them.
and get the damn pictures. otherwise
NCIS will cut off my balls.
Here are pictures
from the surveillance camera.
Isn't that...
Me. at the head of Guttefitta Mi.
Okay. guys. guys!
We are in a hurry. Come on!
Come on. man!
We have things to do!
I did not know there was an
ugly-nosed congress in the city.
Come and get me. then.
Come and get me. if you dare.
Move!
Hold!
Shoot.
Talvik. Now.
- There you are. good.
- Satan lives to accommodate all equals.
The freezer is absolutely stuffed full.
We had to throw the rest in the garage.
- Sounds like a perfect solution.
- Thank you.
Mostly Germans and French.
Hardly the vacation they envisioned.
To get their heads and arms torn off
and get their insides torn out?
Unless they like that kind of kinky stuff.
- Should you be doing that?
- No.
- Shouldn't the NCIS be here by now?
- There was a big storm in Alta.
The plane couldn't land.
They say they'll be here in the morning.
- It's perfect.
- What?
It's our chance.
Now. we fucking show people
what we're made of.
We find Martin Hykkerud ourselves.
We get him.
We'll be heroes.
Not the god damn suit-clad.
homofriserte -
- Sushi-eating Hestkukene south.
Beef boys
Brief the guys. Send photos to
all gossip columns throughout Talvik.
If he stops to pee. I want to
know the color and smell of his urine.
- Odor and color.
- And prepare the weapons.
Now we shoot anything other than gulls.
for once.
Lord.
He was first seen here.
In Aksfjord.
And next time. here.
The museum at Isnestoften.
So it looks as if they are
heading south. Perhaps there.
We have a problem.
A gang dressed as Germans
are go bananas out there?
Bananas?
They killed loads of people.
We have not had a murder since '74.
and suddenly there is Ragnarok.
Okay. everybody. listen up!
Shoot first. ask questions later!
There is no one here.
We have sent them away.
They're all gone.
Since you can't complete your mission...
...just turn. and go back to your snow cave.
Some of us have grown a bit
since the last time.
I also brought a couple of buddies
to the dance.
Isn't it a bit sour
when someone you thought was dead -
- Comes back to kill you?
Troops!
Attack!
What the hell is going on here?
Is the carnival in town?
Is that a tank?
- Damn!
- Run!
Help!
Daniel!
- Shouldn't we help them?
- Help who?
Those with dirty German uniforms
or dirty Russian uniforms?
Okay
- Jesus. Mary and Joseph Stalin!
- What the hell's going on?
Looks like a video game.
Martin Hykkerud!
- Yes!
- Should we get him?
No. no.
Wait until it calms down.
This is tactical policing.
Untermensch.
Why didn't you just kill me
on the mountain?
You got what you wanted.
You got the gold.
But it wasn't enough.
You were greedy.
You wanted more.
That's why you lost.
Because you were greedy.
You know you lost the war?
Lost everything.
Ridiculed.
Pathetic.
And you know what?
You lose again.
- Where the hell are they?
- I know: hell.
Hell too! Bjarne!
Are you in a coma?
Go and find them. dammit!
Resolve this matter.
Do not end with a hundred new corpses.
Where do we fit them all?
The garage and the freezer is packed.
I don't know! I don't know.
The gulls again. They haven't
eaten so well since the war.
We should have that damn machine.
Whoever translates
seagull language to human language.
can fuck me with an egg.
With an egg.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm